[doc] Correct link and add info about existing `Linkerconfig.xml` on WASM (#849)
unoplatform/Uno.Wasm.Bootstrap: doc/linker-configuration.md

```

Setting `InvariantGlobalization` to true will remove all satellite assemblies from the final package. 

> ### LinkerConfig.xml on WASM
> For WASM the Uno-App already contains a 'LinkerConfig.xml' in the folder `Platforms\WebAssembly\LinkerConfig.xml'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### LinkerConfig.xml on WebAssembly
When using the Uno Platform [solution template](https://aka.platform.uno/app-wizard), a file named 'LinkerConfig.xml' is available in the folder `Platforms\WebAssembly\LinkerConfig.xml'.
```
